Run Setup Guide

1. Create Environment (First Time)
    python3 -m venv .venv

2. Activate the Environment
    source .venv/bin/activate

3. Install Dependencies
    pip install fastapi uvicorn python-dotenv google-adk litellm pymongo streamlit matplotlib pandas

4. Configure Environment (.env)
    Configure the following variables:
      - LOCAL_MODEL_NAME: Main aggregator model (e.g. openai/qwen2.5-coder-7b-instruct-mlx)
      - LOCAL_PARALLEL_MODEL_NAME: Model for parallel sub-agents (e.g. openai/qwen2.5-coder-3b-instruct-mlx)
      - LMSTUDIO_API_BASE: Local server port (e.g. http://localhost:1234/v1)
      - LMSTUDIO_API_KEY: lm-studio

5. Start Local LLM Server
    Open LM Studio and start the Local Server on port 1234.
    
    Install Models 
      -  qwen2.5-coder-7b-instruct-mlx (highly recommended and for Apple Silicon Users use MLX Version Ohters USE GGUF) 
      -  qwen2.5-coder-3b-instruct-mlx (highly recommended and for Apple Silicon Users use MLX Version Ohters USE GGUF) 


    IMPORTANT - Context Length Setup:
    To ensure the models can process long reviews and complex JSON without getting cut off, adjust the Context Length:
      1. In LM Studio, select your model and look at the right-side configuration panel.
      2. Find "Context Length" (often under Advanced Configuration).
      3. Increase the Context Length to at least 8192 (or 16384 if your Mac supports it).
      4. Apply this setting for both the main aggregator model and the parallel sub-agent model.

    Load the models you want to use. For local performance optimization, you can run a lightweight model for the parallel extraction sub-agents:
      - qwen2.5-coder-7b-instruct-mlx (highly recommended and for Apple Silicon Users use MLX Version Ohters USE GGUF) 
      - qwen2.5-coder-3b-instruct-mlx (highly recommended and for Apple Silicon Users use MLX Version Ohters USE GGUF) 
      
    Load the models in LM Studio or using the CLI:
      lms load qwen2.5-coder-7b-instruct-mlx
      lms load qwen2.5-coder-3b-instruct-mlx

6. Run the FastAPI Backend
    uvicorn app.main:app --reload

7. Run the Streamlit Frontend
    streamlit run streamlit_app.py

